Reword note for upgrade sequence (#578)
rancher/rke2: docs/upgrade/basic_upgrade.md

You can upgrade rke2 by using the installation script, or by manually installing the binary of the desired version.

> >**Note:** You need to upgrade the server nodes first, one at a time. Then any worker nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** Upgrade the server nodes first, one at a time. Once all servers have been upgraded, you may then upgrade agent nodes.
```
